Job description
Requisition ID:  1617432
At EY, we’re all in to shape your future with confidence. 

We’ll help you succeed in a globally connected powerhouse of diverse teams and take your career wherever you want it to go. 

Join EY and help to build a better working world. 

 
Supervising Associate – Global Delivery Services (GDS) Data Protection Compliance Specialist

Function : GDS Legal team
Sub Function : Data Protection
Job Rank : Supervising Associate
Scope : Global

Location : Bangalore, India

The opportunity

This is an exciting time to join the GDS Data Protection team as we scale up our program to match the expansion of the business. You will build your professional knowledge and credentials, learn how EY operates globally and work within a cross functional team of professionals to embed and improve the GDS data protection program across its operating locations in – Argentina, Hungary, India, Mexico, the Philippines, Poland, Spain, Sri Lanka, UK and other locations as we expand.

The role will be part of the GDS Data Protection team and sit in GDS Legal team.

Your key responsibilities

The Supervising Associate within GDS Data Protection team will be responsible for supporting all aspects of the GDS Data Protection program, with a primary focus on Data Incident Response Management, leveraging knowledge and industry expertise to enhance processes, support monitoring and reporting requirements and developing learning materials.    

You will be expected to support the Data Protection Lead in managing and participating on global projects and networks. 

You will be required to consult and collaborate effectively with key internal and external DP stakeholders [e.g., Services Lines (Business units), Functions (internal departments), EY Technology, multiple DP network member firm organizations (customers of GDS), industry vendors] to drive the design and implementation of solutions across the business and geographies. 

Skills and attributes for success

5 years’ prior professional experience of data protection either in a risk management or compliance capacity 
Appreciation for data protection principles and application of controls to protection of confidential and personal data 
Experience in operational data protection processes, including Privacy Impact Assessment (PIA), Records of Processing Activities (ROPA), Incident Management and Data Subject Requests (DSR) 
Able to work in an unstructured & complex environment requiring out of box thinking, logical reasoning 
Able to continuously add value to assigned processes and develop solutions  
Ability to manage tasks and activities in a timely manner and be responsible for specific outcomes  
Basic knowledge of project management tools and methodologies 
Strong research and communications skills  
Ability to successfully handle multiple tasks 
Interest in working with a culturally diverse team from around the globe to design, develop, and deploy programs and share knowledge 
To qualify for the role you must have

University graduate / post -graduate 
Good academic background 
Advanced MS office knowledge (Word, Excel, PowerPoint)  
Candidates with exposure to client interaction would be preferred 
Candidates with a recognised data protection/data privacy qualification (e.g. CIPP/E or similar)
Ideally, you’ll also have

Ability to operate and flex in an ambiguous and changing environment to respond to emerging priorities 
Experience of working to deadlines and delivering high quality outputs  
Ability and willingness to periodically work flexibly e.g., participating in calls outside of standard office hours (early morning/late night) to support our global organization 
What we look for

We’re looking for an experienced, high-energy individual who embraces change and innovation in order to ensure that we can continue to deliver world-class initiatives in an ever-changing environment.

What we offer

EY GDS is a dynamic and truly global delivery network. We work across multiple locations – Argentina, Hungary, India, Mexico, the Philippines, Poland, Spain, Sri Lanka and the UK – and with teams from all EY service lines, geographies and sectors, playing a vital role in the delivery of the EY growth strategy. From accountants to coders to advisory consultants, we offer a wide variety of fulfilling career opportunities that span all business disciplines. In GDS, you will collaborate with EY teams on exciting projects and work with well-known brands from across the globe. We’ll introduce you to an ever-expanding ecosystem of people, learning, skills and insights that will stay with you throughout your career.

Continuous learning: You’ll develop the mindset and skills to navigate whatever comes next.

Success as defined by you: We’ll provide the tools and flexibility, so you can make a meaningful impact, your way.

Transformative leadership: We’ll give you the insights, coaching and confidence to be the leader the world needs.

Diverse and inclusive culture: You’ll be embraced for who you are and empowered to use your voice to help others find theirs.


EY | Building a better working world

EY is building a better working world by creating new value for clients, people, society and the planet, while building trust in capital markets.

Enabled by data, AI and advanced technology, EY teams help clients shape the future with confidence and develop answers for the most pressing issues of today and tomorrow.

EY teams work across a full spectrum of services in assurance, consulting, tax, strategy and transactions. Fueled by sector insights, a globally connected, multi-disciplinary network and diverse ecosystem partners, EY teams can provide services in more than 150 countries and territories.